Super hot omo first for me!!

Author: Xpgames

*000*2025-10-30 10:00

My old gf and I recently started dating again, and I couldn’t be happier!! In the past, we were very omo active… accidental wettings, on purpose, diapers, pull ups, photos, videos, etc. She would also like to wet her panties while straddling me before sex.

Yesterday, I teased that my bladder was acting up and I wanted to wet myself on her in bed later …. She only replied with lots of hearts!!! So, I then increased my tea intake for the rest of the afternoon…. So much so that I almost peed my pants driving home (that actually happened on Monday due to a huge traffic jam, but that tends to happen to me quite often…)… typically after peeing my pants or having a close call, my bladder tends to fill up fast…

I am not sure if it was the anticipation of what was going to potentially happen or not, but I drank 6 glasses of water and a bottle of wine without getting desperate… my plan was to wet myself on her prior to having sex, but I ended up being to hard to make it happen… although my bladder was full at this point, we ended up having sex and I came way too quickly (unfortunately)….

However, this drastically changed things in the desperation category. I went from not really having to pee to OMG I am about to soak us in about 10 seconds. To make sure of it, I put my boxers back on and drank one more glass of water. She was still in bed looking absolutely stunning and yearning for more. I climbed back into bed and asked her if it was still okay… she said yes… at that point, the floodgates opened and there was no chance of stopping it!!! We were absolutely drenched!

This led to round 2! I was nervous that she would not like what I did, but it was the exact opposite. She wanted me deep inside of her and she came almost as fast as I did in round 1. Thank god!!!!

After we were finished, we were laying in bed in a huge puddle… this time, my desperation had escalated very quickly…. And I asked her if I could just go…. She agreed and I absolutely soaked the bed again!!! What an amazing experience!!!!

&&

As if that wasn’t hot enough, I carefully decided to go to bed diapered. Good thing that I did because I accidentally wet myself in my deep sleep. Thankfully no leaks because I had just put on fresh sheets!

