Latchkey incontinence got the best of me

Author: Xxshutdown

*000*2025-12-04 01:57

Today, I was leaving work. It wasn’t anything out of the ordinary. I wasn’t holding. I had no intentions on having an accident, it was a “regularly scheduled day” . As I normally do, I used to the bathroom before my commute home, it is usually about a 30-35 minute drive, so I usually like to go before I leave, especially since (as im sure many know), my pelvic floor isn’t always what many consider strong these days.

Traffic was heavier than normal, so things were going a little slower. About 15 minutes into my drive, I started getting an urge to go again. At this point, it isn’t anything too major. Just enough to notice. Since traffic is slowing things down, I probably have about 20-25 minutes left. I’m not panicking at this point, as I know I just went, and assumed traffic would speed up soon.

While traffic did start to slowly pick up, things started to feel not so fine. Another 10 minutes go by and I am starting to squirm and unconsciously grab my crotch. I then start becoming short with traffic because at this point, I start to think I’m going to have an accident. I was using all my strength to hold it in, and fantasizing about getting home and running to the bathroom.

I get closer, right down the road, and I REALLY need to go. I pull into my development and park, and rush out of the car. I get to my door and am fumbling my keys, cause I’m rushing, not even caring who is looking while I cross my legs and do the “pee dance”. I get the door unlocked and step inside, and drop everything to the floor, and make a run for the bathroom.

I live on the second story, so I had to run up the stairs, and I took a big leap trying to skip a couple stairs to get up quicker, and that was when I felt a warm sensation expand in my panties. My natural instinct was to stop and cross my legs and hold my crotch to regain control, I didn’t even think, but that’s what I did. And I did regain control for a couple of seconds, so I made my way up more stairs, fast, another, less aggressive spurt released. But I didn’t pay as much mind to that one, as I was getting close to the bathroom. My roommate asked if I was okay as soon as I hit the top, and all I could say was “I’m going to pee my pants”, not noting that I was starting to actively pee. I couldn’t believe this was happening, let alone in front of someone.

I RAN to the bathroom as soon as I said I was going to pee myself (it isn’t even that far), I had another spurt, and maybe a second later, I was in the bathroom, and a giant spurt released, and the spurts were on and off up until my pants were off and I could finish in the toilet.

Sooo yeah, I peed my pants quite a bit

