Unintentional hold

Author: xkitty

*000*2025-12-07 19:13

Yesterday while I was cleaning my apartment I kept putting off the need to pee. I would feel it occasionally, but then tell myself I could pee after my next task and then I would completely forget about the need to pee. I did this for about 2 hours, when I finally felt the need come back so strong I had to stop and cross my legs to keep holding. I had on a plaid skirt and super cute pink bow panties. I was about to pee when I got the notification that my laundry was finished, and figured I could hold until I came back from grabbing it. As I bent over to grab my laundry basket, the need became so strong, I decided to quickly let out a small spurt to relieve the pressure in my bladder. Of course, it felt delicious when my warm pee was absorbed by my panties and pressed against my clit. 

I left to get my laundry was in the elevator alone and decided to let another small spurt go before entering the laundry room. Inside the laundry room, I bent over to grab my laundry from the dryer and I couldn’t help but release another quick spurt into my panties. It felt so good, and so naughty to be doing this in such a public space. I grabbed the rest of my belongings and headed back to the elevator. As luck would have it, I had the elevator to myself again. Iwas panting from how turned on I was. 

I pressed my back against the wall, opened my legs slightly and let another longer, harder spurt go. By this point, my panties were long soaked and couldn’t absorb any more pee. My pee quickly drained through my panties and ran down my legs. I was in ecstasy. I did it again, and once more before I reached my floor. I had pee dripping down my legs as I walked from the elevator to my apartment door. Nobody else was in the hallway but honestly I wouldn’t have even cared because I was so turned on. I sat down in the bathtub and began touching myself. I couldn’t believe how wet I was. As I pushed a finger inside me I instantly started peeing through my hand. I quickly inserted a second finger and began thrusting as I emptied my bladder.

As I finished peeing I quickly took my fingers out before I could cum. I had someone coming over last night and needed to save every orgasm for them lol.

&&

&&

